[opentelemetry-collector] Add extension validation for health_check (#1070)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-helm-charts: charts/opentelemetry-collector/templates/NOTES.txt

{{ end }}
{{ end }}

{{/* validate extensions must include health_check */}}
{{- if not (has "health_check" .Values.config.service.extensions) }}

> {{ fail "[ERROR] Service extensions require health_check extension to be included" }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ fail "[ERROR] The opentelemetry-collector chart requires that the health_check extension to be included in the extension list." }}
```
